# Readme for netLogo Team

## Basic description

Similarly to CoViD-19, CoViD-22 mainly spreads through a close contact between an infectious person and a susceptible person. As far as we know, in such a situation, the probability of contagion is around 10%.  As the virus does not immediately manifest itself in its host, infected individuals go through an incubation stage (5 days) before becoming infectious. Not all infectious persons show symptoms: 20% of them remain asymptomatic. The infectiousness does not appear to be related to the manifestation of symptoms. Diagnostic tests exist and are able to identify any infectious person (both symptomatic and asymptomatic). 45 days after becoming infectious, a person recovers and gets immune.
To control the epidemic, two strategies are considered: i) people are requested to stay at home (containment); ii) individuals tested positive are isolated (testing-and-isolating).
Health authorities are requesting the scientific community working with agent-based simulation to provide insights about the relative efficiency of both strategies. For the containment strategy, two dimensions are especially scrutinized: the effect of compliance with containment and the duration of such measure.  For the testing-and-isolating strategy, a special attention will be given to the number of individuals to be tested on a daily basis and whether or not the presence of symptoms is considered in the selection of people to be tested.
A first prototype model is expected to be released by the end of the coming week. To serve as a reference basis, a stylized situation of a district (see .xls file) is proposed. 100 inhabitants are introduced in an environment made of 30x30 places. Each inhabitant lives with the 3 other members of their family in a house. Each individual spends the day either in a working place or at school and the night at home.
